Update README to reflect legacy status and recommendations (#23410)
DataDog/integrations-core: dcgm/README.md

# Agent Check: DCGM Exporter
{{< callout url="https://docs.datadoghq.com/gpu_monitoring/setup/?tab=datadogoperator" >}}

This is a legacy integration that is no longer being developed or fully supported. For advanced insights into your GPU fleet, use Datadog's GPU Monitoring instead of installing this integration.
{{< /callout >}}

## Overview

> _We recommend using [GPU Monitoring][18] which noy only provides metric parity with this integration but even more metrics and guided remediation actions across your AI stack. Set up Datadog GPU Monitoring [here][19] 

Reviewer: Hi @ijkaylin, I came across this PR as i was also starting to create a fix for the same issue (your approach is much better) - but just wanted to note a small typo on this line, "noy" instead of "not"

> _We recommend using [GPU Monitoring][18] which not only provides metric parity with this integration but even more metrics and guided remediation actions across your AI stack. Set up Datadog GPU Monitoring [here][19] 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We recommend using [GPU Monitoring][18], which not only provides metric parity with this integration, but even more metrics and guided remediation actions across your AI stack. [See the Datadog GPU Monitoring documentation][19] for setup instructions. 
```

> This legacy check submits metrics exposed by the [NVIDIA DCGM Exporter][16] in Datadog Agent format. For more information on NVIDIA Data Center GPU Manager (DCGM), see [NVIDIA DCGM][15]. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This legacy check submits metrics exposed by the [NVIDIA DCGM Exporter][16] in Datadog Agent format. For more information on NVIDIA Data Center GPU Manager (DCGM), see [NVIDIA DCGM][15].

```
Adding a new line for formatting.
